as Extension educators we get frequent
phone calls
concerning paper wasps and their nests
and as a home gardener you'll probably
run into these things at one point in
time now this is a little bit of a
problem because paper wasps are actually
a beneficial insect they're out
collecting caterpillars off of your
crops but the problem is is when you get
too close to them they're indiscriminant
stingers your spring cleaning and
getting ready for gardening it's a good
opportunity to take those and just
remove them from where they're at and
usually they're found in the eaves of
homes and structures and it can be
knocked down with a shovel or other
implement and then taken away and thrown
away so if the wasps have build a nest
in a location that's could potentially
be a threat to yourself or your family
or your pets it's a good idea to go
ahead and remove it whenever you
possibly can and that can be done
chemically there are products available
that are specific to wasp and Hornet
Control and wait until evening spray
that product so that all the wasps are
on the nest and then once they've all
died you can clean that wasp nest off
just like you would this one that's in
the eve that we have already removed
this is Jeff Edwards University of
Wyoming extension from the ground up